---
layout: page
title: 
tagline: former Polish-British Workshop
---

Due to increasing populations worldwide and being driven by the scientific and technological developments, the systems that enable and/or enhance our day-to-day activities are becoming increasingly complex. To ensure sustainability of these systems, and indeed of our modern societies, there is an urgent need to solve many scientific and engineering problems. As a result, dealing with modelling, optimisation and control of complex large-scale systems, uncertain data, computational complexity as well as the need for high-speed communication, have all become of significant importance. The problems addressed and the solutions proposed in the papers presented at **the Polish-British Workshops** and included in the Proceedings are closely linked to the issues currently faced by our society, such as efficient utilisation of energy and resources, design and operation of communication networks, modelling and control of complex dynamical systems and handling the complexity of information.

**The Polish-British Workshops** have now become a traditional and integral part of the long-lasting collaboration between **Wroclaw University of Technology** and **Coventry University**, with the Workshops taking place every year since 2001. The theme of the Workshops is focused on solving complex scientific and engineering problems in a wide area encompassing computer science, control engineering, information and communication technologies and operational research. The Workshops bring together young researchers from different backgrounds and at different stages of their career, including undergraduate and MSc students, PhD students and post-doctoral researchers. It is a truly fantastic and quite unique opportunity for early-stage researchers to share their ideas and learn from the experience of others, to become inspired by the work carried out by their elder colleagues and to receive valuable feedback concerning their work from accomplished researchers, all in a pleasant and friendly environment surrounded by the picturesque mountains of Lower Silesia.
